From Heaven
From Heaven, you're Sakura, right?
You are...
General Director Yuetsuki Sakuragi
I see you've blackened me.
There's nothing more to say.
Brother, you believe me.
It's Guo Cheng, Guo Cheng. He did something on my phone.
Not like you.
I've liked you for a long time, Mr. Sakuraki.
Stealing someone else's boyfriend in front of someone else isn't very appropriate.
Boyfriend.
Yes, Xu Thien is my boyfriend.
And we're getting married.
Living together
Married
I can't.
No, it's obviously me first.
I lost it myself, I don't want to cry at my place.
How could that be?
From Heaven, I ask you to start my normal day and I will treat you well and lend a helping hand to Jiang Bay, okay?
Give me everything.
I've paid it off for your daughter.
If there's anything else
Just find him.
Is that what it is?
I was wrong, I know.
Of course you're wrong.
So this works with us.
What's that got to do with it?
That's right.
You two are slow.
You're done.
Dad, are you okay?
Dad.
Mom.
It doesn't really help.
You know, I'm very decent and generous.
It won't bother you.
I'm the backbone of the company.
He dared to drive me.
What's better?
You can drink now.
Of course, life has to have a sense of ritual.